Previously onSEAL Team...
That's Steve Porter's drill.
He got something on it
during an op.
Mm-hmm.
And he asked me
ifI would take it in
to have our labs test it.
What did the lab have to say
about it?
Just had dirt on it.
But if you really want to know
what's on this thing,
I got to send that out
to our lab in Germany.
Can you keep that quiet?
The real story
is rare-earth metals.
Stuff's in cell phones,
laptops.
And apparently this
country is sitting
on about a trillion dollars'
worth just underneath the dirt,
just waiting for
somebody to drill.
So last night we hear
that someone's planning to hit
our congressional delegation,
and today, Abu Ali,
one _of the world's_ best
assassms, turns up In town.
You think
that's a coincidence?
I sure as hell hope so.
RAY:
Gun at two o'clock.
RAY: He's on the move.
JASON: Bravo 2,
frag him.
We got a phone.
MANDY: A text came in
after you picked it off him.
JASON:
Whoever hired that sniper
thinks he's still alive.
Come on.
TOC, this is Bravo 1.
Negative on the target.
We were too late.
Did not find our assassin.
Hey, where is Abu Ali?
Huh
SONNY:
I'm confused.
So we're faking raids
to make it look
like we're searching
for a sniper
that's already dead?
Yes, Abu Ali.
Yeah, and grabbing
our interpreter
accomplishes that how?
Well, we want to make it
look like we're trying
to smoke him out, Sonny.
He doesn't mind.
Do you mind?
IfI want to spend my life
pretending to be a terrorist,
I would move to Hollywood.
SONNY: Hey, listen.
Quit your whining,
or I'm gonna put that bag
back on your head.
TOC, this is Bravo 1.
We're heading back,
unless you want us
to do some more fake hits.
What's that,
our fourth one tonight?
Ninth once you add
in Alpha Team's.
I think we're good.
Yeah, I agree.
I mean, I think anyone
that's paying attention's
got to believe
we're looking for somebody.
Copy that, 1.
Come on home.
You got to be kidding me, huh?
There's no way
I'm drinking that, okay?
If we're gonna call it a night,
I'm gonna need something
a lot stronger after
four hours of SDR.
Amen.
Well, I got vodka.
You got vodka?
No, I do not have vodka.
Come on, Davis.
Don't play me like that.
MANDY: The raids
are working.
Fake raids aren't raids.
Fake raids.
Okay, fine.
The fake raids...
SONNY: Well, speaking
of fake raids,
can we start
using fake SEALs?
Where are we gonna find
some fake SEALs?
Any bar in Virginia Beach.
MANDY;
As I was saying,
the fake raids
seem to be working.
According to the chatter,
so far everyone believes
the sniper who shot Salim Hakan
is still alive and in the wind.
That ain't gonna hold forever.
Doesn't have to
hold for long.
Just until we find
the client who hired him.
Guy on the other end
of this phone.
What exactly is your plan?
The last text the client sent
said the remainder
of Abu Ali's payment
would be available in 48 hours,
about midday today.
Our plan is to
send the client a text
saying the money
never got to us.
You're gonna impersonate
the sniper?
Over text.
What if they were using a code,
he and the client?
DAVIS:
They weren't.
We went over the _entire
correspondence history
with the techs.
They're speaking
standard Arabic.
No suspiciously odd grammar,
no suspiciously repeated words.
JASON: That's great, but what
about after the 48 hours?
What exactly
are you gonna text back to them?
"Show me the money."
Only way
this gets us somewhere is if
the guy on the other end
of the phone shows up
somewhere we can grab him.
SONNY:
Do you think a guy
that brings in a
sniper from Syria
to take out
a high-profile target
is gonna drop off his own money?
Come on now. _
If he sends an underllng,
we follow the underling back
to whoever he works for.
Yeah, the people
who took out Echo Team.
Look, the phone's our only
link between our assassin
and the guy who hired him.
All right, if we're
gonna use that phone
to get the client to
stick his head out,
then we need to do it before he
realizes the assassin's dead.
On second thought...
JASON: Whoa.
Where-where exactly
are you going?
I'm gonna see ifI can't buy us
some more time.
You're not an easy woman
to get a hold of.
Well, I've been a little busy
hunting the sniper
who targeted an American
congressional delegation.
"The coward who martyred
our great friend and ally,
General Salim Hakan."
Yeah, I read the DoD statement.
Amazing what death can do
for your public image.
Salim was always
a saw PR man.
And no truth to the rumor
the assassin was killed
at the scene?
If the assassin's dead,
who are we so
busy looking for?
How should I know?
Maybe you guys are using
this manhunt as an excuse
to further intimidate
the local population.
Since when do we need an excuse?
So he's alive, the sniper?
Far as I know.
I don't suppose
you've I.D.'d him yet.
Or, if you have,
you'd care to share.
Mm.
We think he's a Syrian national
known as
Abu Ali.
Long rsum of high-profile
murders-for-hire.
Wow. Thank you.
Should I assume that
this is off
You can quote me
as an unnamed source
from the intel community.
What?
I'm just not used
to you giving me anything.
Usually you bat your eyelashes
and ask me to do something that
provides exactly zero benefit
for me or
the people I work for.
Well, consider it a thank-you.
Two-way street.
Exactly.
We believe he's still in J-Bad,
by the way.
Abu Ali. He's laying low
until we get tired
of looking for him.
Smart. Guys get caught
when they move.
I wish I could figure out
how you're playing me.
It's such a shame
to see such canCIsm
in one so young.
Yeah, right.
It‘s been almost an hour
smce the time they set.
If the client's planning
on paying our dead sniper,
he's done it by now.
I know.
Then we good to go?
Look, it's a good plan.
Yeah.
It's the plan we got, anyway.
Read me the message
we're sending one more time.
"Where's my money?
This is unacceptable."
Send it.
SONNY: Our dead sniper's
back in action.
All right, so what now?
Now we wait.
SONNY:
Okay.
For how long?
We wait, Sonny.
That's what we do.
As long as it takes, we wait.
Oh, here we go.
Guy wrote back.
"What do you mean?
The money should be
in the account."
What do you want me to say?
Tell him
all you know is it wasn't there
when you checked,
and anyway, now that
the media has your name,
you're gonna need the payment
in cash so you can disappear.
You get all that?
Yeah.
SONNY: _
Now we waIt again.
Come on.
Sonny, get him, get him.
Yeah, come on.
Oh!
Oh, here we go.
Get him.
Got to reload.
JASON: Almost.
Oh, that was almost your foot.
All right, listen up.
Listen up, Sonny.
AV, ay, Ya-
Listen up.
This is Sergeant
Percy Jacobs.
He's a case officer
with the Army's Criminal
Investigative Division.
Okay. So what's
he investigating?
No one's under investigation.
I'm following up on the death
of a noncombatant.
Do you mind?
JASON:
No.
A local family brought us
this cell phone footage.
The boy was ten years old.
We believe he was hit
by an M67
fragmentation grenade.
Well, that's sad and all,
but what has that got to do
with us?
It happened when we were
running down the sniper.
Kid lived right beside
the target building.
JACOBS: Now, before I go
looking into your AARs,
does anyone...
It was my frag.
Ray.
ERIC:
Hey, we don't know that.
RAY:
No, I...
I threw a frag
to flush the guy out.
It missed.
ISR and comms will confirm.
So you weren't
targeting the boy?
SONNY: Hold on a second.
Did you really just say that?
RAY: It's okay, Sonny.
No, I wasn't targeting him.
I just made a bad throw is all.
You understand
it's my job to ask?
RAY:
I understand.
So, what happens next?
We'll go over the comms logs,
any ISR footage.
If it happened the way you said,
shouldn't be much of a problem.
I've assured Sergeant Jacobs
that he has _
our full cooperation.
The sooner he can finish
hIS IanIry, the sooner
we can all
put this behind us.
All right, then. Let me start
getting you what you need.
Good.
JASON:
Ray.
Ray, look at me. Hey.
It's not your fault, all right?
War's messy. I mean,
could've happened to
any of us, right?
Right.
Right?
If you say so.
All right, look at.
Whatever happened,
it's on all of us.
I'm the one that killed
that kid, Jason.
I don't see it that way.
And I know the guys don't
see it that way, either.
We got you.
Nothing to get.
Ray.
Got your back.
Copy that.
The client has agreed
to pay in cash.
Okay, all right.
Took him long enough.
He's careful_.
Wouldn't even discuss
the idea of a face-to-face.
Took us this long to get him
to agree to a live drop.
Where's the drop?
Azahrin Spice Market.
4:00 this afternoon.
Y'all know
he's gonna send a courier.
MANDY: Probably, but you know
how this works.
Roll him up,
get him to give us
the next guy up the ladder.
Sooner or later, it's gonna come
to the son of a bitch
that put a hit out on Echo guys.
Let's go get him.
Yeah.
Ray Yeah.
Right.
The Azahrin Spice Market,
as promised.
The drop zone is here.
After he makes the drop,
he's most likely
gonna exit here.
All right, look,
if it's not too crowded,
we might be able to get
a scooby van in. That's tight.
How many civilians
you think'll be on the ground?
4:00 in the afternoon?
A lot, I'd imagine.
Well, that definitely works
in the guy's favor, right?
Harder to spot the courier,
harder to follow.
CLAY:
Yeah, but also harder for
him to spot us following.
We don't need to follow him.
JASON:
What are you thinking there,
Sonny?
Use Ray and Khalid
as spotters, have 'em
blend in to the market.
The rest of us will be out
of sight in the scooby van.
Once Ray and Khalid ID. the
money guy, we'll swarm on him,
and we'll have him flexcuffed
on the van floor
before anybody knows
we're in the market.
§%~;\\ J
ﬁg
If Sonny's gonna start doing all
the op plans, then I'm gonna...
I'm gonna need
a request a transfer.
I have hidden gifts
there, Mr. Spenser.
All right, any objections?
You know he definitely is gonna
have a guy on overwatch.
ERIC:
That's possible.
That's why we need to get in
and out of there double-quick.
This could work, Sonny.
Hey?
Yeah.
How's he holding up?
Is he okay?
Yeah. He's fine.
All right.
How youholding up?
I'm fine, too.
All good, okay?
All right.
Mm.
Hey, what's going on?
You're not gonna believe
what I found.
All right, just slow down.
You're gonna choke
on your sandwich, all right?
Okay.
The drill you gave me to check
out, belonged to your friend?
Wait.
All right.
So my guys in Germany
got back to me.
Guess what they found on it.
Something more
than your basic Afghan dirt?
Does basic Afghan dirt have
a lanthanum concentration
of over 500 parts
per million?
All right, let
me back up.
Lanthanum is a
rare
Uh, it's used in
all kinds of stuff,
like from
telescopes, cameras,
especially anything with
a rechargeable battery.
Anything?
Yeah, from, like,
laptops to hybrid cars.
Right.
So you can
imagine the value.
Phew.
And where'd you say your
friend was poking around?
Under poppy fields?
Irrigation tunnels.
Right. So my guess is,
there's got to be a huge
lanthanum deposit down there.
I mean, it wouldn't surprise me.
This country's
supposed to be loaded
with rare
Problem is,
they can't stop fighting
long enough to actually
mount a mining operation.
So if somebody
got this drill bit tested,
and they're saying
that it came back
just your basic Afghan dirt?
Well, then, they're idiots,
or they're lying, or both.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Just keep this
between us, okay?
Yeah. Oh.
3:232 :%€
515? 7.
9.42;? g;
You okay?
Why?
Guy looking
into your past work.
Could put a lesser man
on edge.
Thank God...
...I'm not a lesser man.
Ray?
I'm fine.
You forgot your comms earpiece
in the TOC.
Hey, it happens.
Not to him.
Guy's got a six-month-old
little boy at home, you know?
Gets showed a video of him
killing somebody else's
kid accidentally.
That's enough to mess
with anybody's head.
Yeah. If you say so.
We're in position
with good eyes on the drop spot.
Stand by.
JASON:
Good copy, Bravo 2.
Snatch team standing by.
Ray, moped.
Calm down. I got him.
TOC, guy on a moped
making his second
circle around the fountain.
Could be our guy.
Roger, Bravo 2. ISR has got eyes
on the moped driver.
My view is blocked.
I can't see what he's doing.
He appears to be
kicking at something.
Could be trying to
kick-start his bike.
That's him. Moped driver's
making the drop.
G0, 90, 90: 90: 90-
Punch it!
Go! Go! I
Go! socio'
TOC, this is Bravo 1.
Target secure. We're moving.
Shut up!
He's, uh, he's saying
that somebody gave him
20 American dollars if he
leaves this bag by the fountain.
He's never seen the guy
before in his life.
Boss?
Yeah.
He doesn't look like anyone
we've rolled up before.
No, he's not a true believer.
Yeah?
Found smokes on him.
Hey, I think
you guys should see this.
We were right
about the overwatch.
Look, this is a video
of the takedown. Look up
at the balcony.
ERIC:
Yeah. What are they doing?
They're watching the drop.
Maybe waiting for Abu Ali?
I don't know.
Hold on a second.
Bravo 1, we may have found
somebody watching the drop,
making sure
that payment got through.
JASON:
Any chance you recognize him?
DAVIS: Oh, my God.
Tell me that is not who
I think it is.
We may have something.
MANDY:
Hamid Gul Baladur.
Yeah. We still believe
Baladur's the number two guy
in the entire Halani network?
Yep.
Okay. So Nouri Halani
put the hit on Salim?
Baladur's always been
an order-taker.
If he organized the Salim hit,
it's because
the Halanis told him to.
It means that they're probably
behind the hit on Echo Team.
Either way, we got one
of our biggest fish
finally sticking
his head out in a place
where we can reach out
and touch him.
When's the last time Baladur
was seen outside the Tribals?
Been years.
Which is why we should be
so eager to catch up with him
before he gets back
in the Tribals.
Bravo 1, I need you
back here ASAP.
We got a new target.
Hamid Gul Baladur,
friend and protector
to those
who serve the Halani network.
Death to everyone else.
He's masterminded
a number of hits
against journalists,
Afghan officials
and coalition forces.
Nouri Halani is the man
in charge.
He's descended
from a long line of warlords
who've controlled large
swaths of Nangarhar, Paktia
and Khost provinces
for most of the last
few hundred years.
His father was a key US. ally,
killed by the Soviets in '86.
Now Under Nouri's leadership,
the Halani network
works mostly like
a crime family.
They collect protection money
from local businesses,
especially poppy
cultivation.
What about the
younger brother?
Abad Halani.
He grew up
in his older brother's shadow.
He's reportedly
an indecisive leader,
a drinker, and even
somewhat of a womanizer.
Oh, should have sent him to
Vegas, and had Moe Greene
sort him out.
Hmm?
Fredo Corleone?
Michael sent him
to work at the casinos?
Come on.
"He was banging the cocktail
waitress, two at a time."
Okay, it's actually not
a-a terrible analogy.
Come on. Thank you.
If the Halanis_are
a crime family,
then Baladur's the consigliere.
Makes sense that Nouri'd use him
to set up the hit on Salim.
And Echo Team.
Starting to see a pattern here.
MANDY:
Remember, the Halanis
might have had reasons
to want Salim dead
that had nothing to
do with Echo Team.
At least superficially,
this guy was getting pretty
buddy-buddy with our side.
No, no, no. They killed him
because they knew we were about
to grab him for
the Echo hit.
TheirEcho hit.
No, we don't know that.
And if we kill Baladur,
we might never know.
Which is why we're
gonna take him alive.
Yeah, it might be easier said
than done. Davis?
Suicide belt.
Legend has it Baladur
never takes it off.
So the guy'd rather
get blown all the way
to hell and back
than get taken alive.
Well, it sort of
makes it his call.
No, it doesn't.
Not necessarily.
If we want to get information
from a suicide bomber,
there's one technique
we would use to take him alive.
Yeah, but you need three guys
to take him down:
two to hold the arms,
one to choke him out.
Which means getting awful close
to a guy with a bomb belt.
Yes, it does.
MANDY: Let's not get
ahead of ourselves.
At the moment, Baladur
is still in the wind.
Okay, so we still have
the sniper's phone.
Right.
Right? Okay, so why don't
we text Baladur and tell him
we want another meet?
It's gonna be a little bit
of a hard sell,
because the last one was a trap.
All right, look. Baladur thinks
that All set him up.
Right? So why don't
we just flip it?
Have the sniper
accuse Baladur
of being the guy behind
the setup.
I mean, all Baladur knows is
that the Americans were there.
Hell of a long shot.
What do we have to lose?
NAIMA :
Baby, you'll get past this.
It's not your fault.
No. I threw that grenade.
It was an accident.
RAY:
That boy who died,
he had nothing to do
with any of it.
One second he's playing
with his dad, and...
NAIMA:
Well, what does Jason say?
What do you think he says?
It's nobody's fault, it's war.
Things happen.
Well, it is and they do.
It doesn't matter
what he says, aanay.
CID wants to find
the serviceman responsible
for killing some kid,
that's what they're gonna find.
But you didn't do
anything wrong.
I know I didn't.
Why does everybody
keep saying that to me?
What is going on, Raymond?
What do you mean?
Raymond Perry,
just 'cause there's 7,000 miles
between us,
doesn't mean I can't tell_
when you're hiding something.
Naima...
What are you not telling me?
It's nothing.
It's just...
my shoulder's
been hurting a little.
Oh, my God.
And when I threw that frag,
if my shoulder wasn't messed up,
I make that throw,
that boy'd still be alive.
Ray, listen to me. Who else
knows you deployed hurt?
That you never went to see
a doctor to get clearance?
No one.
Good.
That's how you keep it.
I can't lie to CID, Naima.
Yes, you can.
You are in a war, Ray.
You are risking your life
every second.
You are a hero, and whatever
happened on that roof,
you can't let them
take that away from you.
You will not mention
your shoulder.
You've got to look out for
yourself 'cause I'm not there
to do it for you.
Tell me you understand, baby.
Yeah.
Kiss the kids for me, okay?
And you didn't tell Jason?
No.
I love you.
I love you, too.
Bye, baby.
Still no answer
from Baladur?
Think he's done with us?
Could be he's checking
with the Halanis
for his next move.
You mind if I get
a hit of this coffee?
I'm a little tired.
You know, sleep is not
a sign of weakness.
I'll be damned.
Well.
He's saying
he didn't set us up.
Tell him...
tell him that he's got
to prove it, all right?
Tell him that he's got to bring
you your money in person.
Okay.
MANDY: He wants to know why
he should come in person.
Well, to prove that
it's not a setup.
MANDY: "If you're there,
you can't summon the Americans,
because they'll arrest you,
too."
"What makes you think the
Americans would arrest me?
You don't even know who I am."
Sure we do.
You are awful sly sometimes.
JASON: Well, you know what?
I have my moments.
What did you say?
"I know you very well,
Hamid Gul Baladur."
Good. Let him chew on that.
We're back on.
See that?
Baladur wants to meet at a
tea house off of 40 Meter Road.
It's a relatively
low traffic area,
and there's only one entrance
as far as we know.
Well, we got to snatch him
outside of the building
before he goes inside
the building,
because he's got on an S-belt.
My guess is Baladur is looking
to kill the sniper.
It's the only reason he's not
already back in the Tribals.
So...?
So he's got to figure
Ali's looking to take
the same shot at him.
Yeah, he's probably worried
about getting his ass shot off
on his way in,
so he's probably
gonna stay out of sight
until he positive I.D.s Ali.
Okay, so where
does that put us?
I mean, 'cause the last time
I checked, old Ali
didn't really seem like he was
in the mood to be drinking tea.
So we send in a decoy.
How you doing?
You might want to
roll those back down.
I think that's the way
All was wearing his.
You sure?
Yep.
Good lookin' out.
And for today's mission,
Raymond Perry is
bringing sew back
with the Syrian
sniper look.
Okay, Sonny. You might want to
get your ass on the bus.
Roger that.
Hey, I want to
tell you something.
I look really hot
as a paid assassin?
Well, there is that, yes.
No, about what's going on.
I can handle it, Davis.
I really can.
Okay, but CID can make your life
miserable if they want to.
One time I supplied
a dozen bridging ladders
to some_Marines
training in Qatar,
a couple of them fell apart
when they were extended.
We're talking three or four
broken bones, that's it.
The Navy investigators
came after me
like I had personally
sabotaged those ladders.
All I'm saying
is be careful.
And all I'm saying is
is I can handle it.
But thanks.
Hey. Listen, Ray.
Look, I know we want to
bring this guy in alive,
but I don't need anybody doing
anything stupid out there.
All right? This guy
is wearing an S-belt.
If he's hell-bent on
going out in a bang,
then you stand back
and you let him.
All right?
Roger that.
All right.
JASON:
TOC, this is Bravo 1.
We're in position
across from the tea house.
We got eyes on the door.
You are good to go.
Nothing on ISR so far.
Bravo 2, on you.
Switching to
text communication only.
Roger. On the move.
He looks convincing.
Yeah, let's hope so,
right?
As-salaam alaikum.
Wa alaikum as-salaam.
Hey, Bravo 1, this is TOC.
Ray is at the right-hand
rear table.
He said there's not a lot
of friendly faces in there.
Maybe seven or eight men.
He says the guy across from him
is sending a text.
He could be telling
Baladur the meet's on.
Be my guess.
Where the hell is this guy?
TOC, this is Bravo 1.
Any updates?
Still nothing on our end.
Guy's got
to show up soon.
For all he knows, Abu Ali
is in there waiting,
getting madder by the minute.
Bravo 1, he's got eyes
on Baladur.
How'd he get inside?
Bravo 1, be advised.
The target is inside
the building.
Must've been tunnels.
TOC, we're preparing to engage.
ERIC:
Negative. Tell them to hold.
We're not charging
into an S-belt.
DAVIS:
All call signs hold.
SONNY:
Come on, Ray.
Abu Ali?
Go, go.
Ray!
Over here.
Chest plate caught it.
Baladur squirted. I'm good.
JASON:
TOC, Bravo 2's okay.
No sign of Baladur.
Come on, come on,
come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
Got him.
He's two doors down,
exiting north side.
JASON:
Copy that.
Sonny, Brock,
lock this place down.
Clay, Derek, on me.
SONNY:
This is Bravo 3.
1, 6, and Alpha 2
are in pursuit of the squirter.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm good, brother.
Go that way.
See if you can cut him off.
What is he doing?
Why isn't he shooting?
MANDY: He's trying to
take him alive.
All call signs,
Bravo 1 has engaged.
Don't let him pull the belt.
Get his left arm.
Can you get 'em?
Got it?
Boom.
Okay. That's good.
Get this big son of a bitch
off me, will you?
Thanks.
I know you're from Pakistan.
I know you speak English.
I know who you work for.
Nouri Halani.
Your boss is gonna wonder
how we caught you.
Even if you get out
of here--
which you
probably won't--
hernever_
trust you again.
Baladur,
the man known as Death,
has been captured.
So maybe I do let you out
of here, let them
pick you up on the side
of the road, let them know
you were broken
by the Americans.
By a woman.
You think you know
what you're fighting here.
But, believe me...
you don't.
What does that mean?
What's that mean?
You couldn't even send yourself
to heaven.
Now you have to sit here,
with all of us,
for as long as we want.
Hello.
When you said you wanted
to come by and talk,
I thought that was something
that people say.
Can I come in?
Yeah, come in.
Let me guess, you're going back
with your wife.
No. Why don't you guess again.
You can tell me. I'm a big girl.
And it's my... it's
my fault anyways
for breaking my "no
married guy" rule.
Amy, stop.
Okay? Stop.
You know what this is about.
No, I actually don't know
what this is about.
You remember this?
This drill bit?
Steve Porter's drill bit?
Remember you had it tested
by your
And it came back
as your basic Afghan dirt.
You remember that?
I remember that.
Well, I had it tested again.
Okay.
Lanthanum.
Do you know what that is?
Enlighten me.
It's a rare-earth metal.
Used in high-tech stuff.
It's worth a fortune.
So either you lied to me
or your lab guys lied to me.
I didn't lie to you.
I didn't lie
to Steve.
I wouldn't do that.
Your company does
mining operations, right?
Yes.
Your boss, Cutter,
S.A.S. badass turned, uh,
contractor millionaire.
How much do you really know
about him?
Okay.
You can go now.
I-I appreciate you stopping by.
This stuff is worth
a lot of money, Amy.
People do a lot of funny things
when it comes to money.
I don't know.
Maybe, uh, murder
a bunch of operators.
Ithought
disinformation campaigns
went out of style
in the '605.
Well, that's awfully
naive of you.
You lied to me.
First day
of secret agent school,
they tell us never to
answer a vague accusation.
You think this is funny?
I think you're gonna have to be
a little bit more specific.
The sniper who shot Salim Hakan
was killed at the scene.
Three days ago.
Yesterday, you told me
you believed
he was still alive.
Yes.
That's all you're gonna say?
I gave you gold. I gave
you stuff nobody else had.
I gave you the sniper's name,
his bio...
So I'm not supposed to be mad
because most of what you told me
was true?
The guys who hired the sniper
are the same guys
who blew up Echo Team.
Only way to get to them
was have them believe
the sniper was still alive.
It's my job to
make that happen.
You could've used
another reporter.
Well, I used you.
To publish your lie.
There's that word again.
What do you call it?
My job.
Yeah
A journalist trades
on his credibility.
Not only did you get me
to report fake news,
you made me look
like I'm carrying water
for the US. military, which a
lot of people are already primed
to believe because
of who my father is.
It has taken me years
to build a reputation
as a truth-teller.
Well, you'll understand
if I'm less concerned
about preserving
your reputation
than I am about finding justice
for our dead operators.
Mission first.
Damn right.
Before friendship.
Before anything.
I feel sorry for you.
That was wild.
What's that?
Didn't I hear somebody
say you need at least
three guys to take down a man
with an S
I didn't have
three guys.
That's not happening.
Blackburn's pretty angry with
you for taking such a big risk.
Huh. Yeah. I know.
He laid into me
during the AAR. I got it.
So, Baladur, is he talking?
Mm, not really.
No surprise,
hard-core guy like that.
You think you'll be able
to break him?
Maybe. But even
if we can't,
his capture's gonna be
a big blow to Nouri Halani.
Guy spent the last 17 years
thinking he's untouchable.
All of a sudden, we
roll up his number two?
You think he's gonna panic?
Figure he's gonna do something.
We just have to be ready
to take advantage when he does.
Yeah.
Listen, you know anything
about these rare
Uh, lanthanum or whatever?
Only what I read
in the paper.
Afghanistan is
sitting on a...
billion dollars' worth
of it or something?
Trillions, I believe.
Okay.
The world's
crazy enough
for someone to slit your throat
for a couple bucks out
of your wallet;
can only imagine
what they would do
to get a piece
of that trillion, huh?
Where are you
going with this?
Hey. Phone call for you.
Line four.
You know who it is?
It's a potential source,
maybe.
Guy called the tip line,
said he had information
about Salim's murder,
asked for you by name.
Mm, can we trace it?
We're trying.
Sounds like he's scrambling
his signal.
We're recording, obviously.
This is Amanda Ellis.
This is Abad Halani.
It's Abad Halani. Come here.
First, I congratulate you on the
capture of Hamid Gul Baladur.
I never thought
he could be taken alive.
What makes you think
we have Baladur?
Second, my brother,
Nouri Halani,
is behind the killing
of General Salim Hakan.
He is also the one who blew up
your commandos some weeks ago.
Why are you telling me this?
You want to impress me with
tales of your brother's power?
No.
I want to deliver him to you.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org